new-scenario-template/finish.md, before:


Congratulations, you have finished this katacoda scenario!

## Conclusion

In conclusion, there are advantages and disadvantages when it comes to data handling in Spark compared to Python. Doing stuff in pyspark can get a bit more complicated depending on the application or the size of the project whereas python is pretty simple and straightforward when it comes to loading data from files into a dataset or cleaning and transforming data in general. However, python (and especially pandas) is definitly not created for analysing a large amount of data that has let's say a few gigabytes in size since that data will get stored in the memory - which is limited in every computer. Apache Spark, on the other hand, was mainly created to process big data. 

## Further Learning

Feel free to visit 

## Sources

Kakarla, R., Krishnan, S. & Alla, S. (2021). Applied Data Science Using Pyspark: Learn the End-To-End Predictive Model-Building Cycle. Apress.

https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/quick-start.html
https://www.pythonforbeginners.com/basics/list-comprehensions-in-python

https://spark.apache.org/docs/2.1.0/api/python/pyspark.sql.html#pyspark.sql.functions.regexp_replace

Commit message:

Add iso code world map image

new-scenario-template/finish.md, after:


Congratulations, you have finished this katacoda scenario!

## Conclusion

In conclusion, there are advantages and disadvantages when it comes to data handling in Spark compared to Python. Doing stuff in pyspark can get a bit more complicated depending on the application or the size of the project whereas python is pretty simple and straightforward when it comes to loading data from files into a dataset or cleaning and transforming data in general. However, python (and especially pandas) is definitly not created for analysing a large amount of data that has let's say a few gigabytes in size since that data will get stored in the memory - which is limited in every computer. Apache Spark, on the other hand, was mainly created to process big data. 

## Further Learning

Feel free to visit 

## Sources

Kakarla, R., Krishnan, S. & Alla, S. (2021). Applied Data Science Using Pyspark: Learn the End-To-End Predictive Model-Building Cycle. Apress.

Interactive Analysis with the Spark Shell (n.d.). Retrieved from https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/quick-start.html#interactive-analysis-with-the-spark-shell


Petty, J. (2021). List Comprehensions in Python. Retrieved from https://www.pythonforbeginners.com/basics/list-comprehensions-in-python


https://spark.apache.org/docs/2.1.0/api/python/pyspark.sql.html#pyspark.sql.functions.regexp_replace

Erlking portrait. Retrieved from https://www.schubertlied.de/images/Erlking-Schwind.jpg

World map with ISO country codes. Retrieved from https://www.heliosdesign.com/export/sites/helios/images/glossary/iso-country-codes-around-the-world.jpg
